# AqiSDS011

## Terms and conditions

These terms and conditions (“Agreement”) set forth the general terms and conditions of your use of
the “AqiSDS011” mobile application (“Mobile Application” or “Service”) and any of its related
products and services (collectively, “Services”). This Agreement is legally binding between you
(“User”, “you” or “your”) and this Mobile Application developer (“Operator”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a business or other legal entity, you represent
that you have the authority to bind such entity to this agreement, in which case the terms “User”,
“you” or “your” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not
agree with the terms of this agreement, you must not accept this agreement and may not access and
use the Mobile Application and Services. By accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services,
you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by the terms of this
Agreement. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and the Operator, even
though it is electronic and is not physically signed by you, and it governs your use of the Mobile
Application and Services.

## Links to other resources

Although the Mobile Application and Services may link to other resources (such as websites, mobile
applications, etc.), we are not, directly or indirectly, implying any approval, association,
sponsorship, endorsement, or affiliation with any linked resource, unless specifically stated
herein. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of,
any businesses or individuals or the content of their resources. We do not assume any responsibility
or liability for the actions, products, services, and content of any other third parties. You should
carefully review the legal statements and other conditions of use of any resource which you access
through a link in the Mobile Application. Your linking to any other off-site resources is at your
own risk.

## Prohibited uses

In addition to other terms as set forth in the Agreement, you are prohibited from using the Mobile
Application and Services or Content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform
or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state
regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual
property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm,
defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation,
religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading
information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may
be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Mobile Application and
Services, third party products and services, or the Internet; (h) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext,
spider, crawl, or scrape; (i) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (j) to interfere with or
circumvent the security features of the Mobile Application and Services, third party products and
services, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Mobile Application and
Services for violating any of the prohibited uses.

## Limitation of liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Operator, its affiliates,
directors, officers, employees, agents, suppliers or licensors be liable to any person for any
indirect, incidental, special, punitive, cover or consequential damages (including, without
limitation, damages for lost profits, revenue, sales, goodwill, use of content, impact on business,
business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity) however caused,
under any theory of liability, including, without limitation, contract, tort, warranty, breach of
statutory duty, negligence or otherwise, even if the liable party has been advised as to the
possibility of such damages or could have foreseen such damages. To the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, the aggregate liability of the Operator and its affiliates, officers, employees,
agents, suppliers and licensors relating to the services will be limited to an amount no greater
than one dollar or any amounts actually paid in cash by you to the Operator for the prior one month
period prior to the first event or occurrence giving rise to such liability. The limitations and
exclusions also apply if this remedy does not fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its
essential purpose.

## Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold the Operator and its affiliates, directors, officers, employees,
agents, suppliers and licensors harmless from and against any liabilities, losses, damages or costs,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with or arising from any third party
allegations, claims, actions, disputes, or demands asserted against any of them as a result of or
relating to your Content, your use of the Mobile Application and Services or any willful misconduct
on your part.

## Severability

All rights and restrictions contained in this Agreement may be exercised and shall be applicable and
binding only to the extent that they do not violate any applicable laws and are intended to be
limited to the extent necessary so that they will not render this Agreement illegal, invalid or
unenforceable. If any provision or portion of any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be
illegal, invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, it is the intention of the
parties that the remaining provisions or portions thereof shall constitute their agreement with
respect to the subject matter hereof, and all such remaining provisions or portions thereof shall
remain in full force and effect.

## Dispute resolution

The formation, interpretation, and performance of this Agreement and any disputes arising out of it
shall be governed by the substantive and procedural laws of Croatia without regard to its rules on
conflicts or choice of law and, to the extent applicable, the laws of Croatia. The exclusive
jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the courts located
in Croatia, and you hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. You hereby waive any
right to a jury trial in any proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement. The United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this
Agreement.

## Changes and amendments

We reserve the right to modify this Agreement or its terms related to the Mobile Application and
Services at any time at our discretion. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom
of this page. We may also provide notice to you in other ways at our discretion, such as through the
contact information you have provided.

An updated version of this Agreement will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised
Agreement unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Mobile Application and Services
after the effective date of the revised Agreement (or such other act specified at that time) will
constitute your consent to those changes.

## Acceptance of these terms

You acknowledge that you have read this Agreement and agree to all its terms and conditions. By
accessing and using the Mobile Application and Services you agree to be bound by this Agreement.
If you do not agree to abide by the terms of this Agreement, you are not authorized to access or use
the Mobile Application and Services. This terms and conditions policy was created with the
<a target="_blank" href="https://www.websitepolicies.com/terms-and-conditions-generator">terms and
conditions generator</a>.

## Contacting us

If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this Agreement, we encourage you to c
ontact us using the details below:

vvidovic+googleplay@gmail.com

This document was last updated on April 28, 2021
